"First of all, of course, as long as we are in samsara, or as long as we are at the reach of the
river, our activity will never end."
"There are always activities. When we discover the river, we have activities known as samsara
activities."
"When we discover the river completely, and then we have activities known as namakaya and samukaya
"So there is always an activity that is just part of the display, there is nothing really there."
"But when we are trying to discover our rupa, rupa in that processes, then our activities, we can
cooperate with that video."
"Again, the great teacher, Buddha Shakyamuni, highlighted that, six paramata practices."
"Six paramata practices, first is generosity, second is morality, third is patience, and the fourth
is joyful effort."
"And the concentration, the wisdom."
"So in the teaching said, you must be cooperating with all your activities, particularly we are
talking now as post-meditation, trying to cooperate with the six paramatas."
"And when you cooperate with that with samsara matas, and then in the simple world what we are
using here, not too much grasping, clinging."
"Even is generosity, we should not grasping, clinging too much."
"Even is morality, even is patience."
"Whatever clinging is clinging, for that reason, Buddha Shakyamuni mentioned, magical of the six
paramatas."
"Magical of the six paramatas, all like magical activities."
"That means, again, in the Buddha Shakyamuni mentioned, we are also like magic."
"It's not some substrate, it's solid artistic."
"The six paramata is our activity."
"So our activity, since we are also magic, the six paramata is also like magical activities."
"One of these magical activities is completely vast on a kundal, bodhicata, and formless."
"And then we do that, that is all, and we have that attitude, and we do that within that frame."
"That is in the Buddha's teaching, named as 'meritory activities.'"
"It is merit, and this merit is so important. According to Buddha's teaching, to reach
enlightenment, we need merit."
"And how many merits?"
"All merits can be summarized into two merits."
"Accumulate merit, and what's the merit?"
"These two merits are as wings of the bird, or two feet of our sub, to walk."
"With all that, we won't get to any further."
"So therefore, and we can do all those activities."
"And then also, with those thoughts."
"And then, we need to encounter with different circumstances."
"And apply the jockey techniques, liberating."
"And again, bring the thought."
"And then, in Mahayana taking many times,"
"and even having trouble with this challenge."
"You have a really courageous commitment."
"And in Mahayana, these are learning lessons."
"It's a lesson, it's a lesson."
"And we have three lessons."
"That is wonderful, because it's a free lesson."
"We know the lesson, we're never going to become the rasas."
"Rasas."
"And we're never going to become the warriors."
"So it is like warriors in all this, because it's all really."
"This is with great, with all different perspectives."
"What the greatest teacher is doing."
"All those great master's taught."
"All this, how to really improve."
"How to bring, how to stay our sub-steams."
"Of the identity, of the beauty, of the rupa."
"And all those tools, whatever we can use, whatever we can remember."
"Apply that, then we are really moving in a beautiful right direction."
"And at the same time, we are accumulating all those inheritance."
Thank you.